Breaking Enigma:
During WW2, the allies were desperate and needed a way to spy on German communications.
However, the Germans developed a form of encryption that was different every
day. For the allies to win the war they needed to break their encryption
without them knowing. Thanks to Alan Turing, he and his team were able to 
create one of the first computers that were capable of defeating the
German encryption and giving the allies a secret Trump card. Without 
the work Alan and his team did, who knows how the war could've ended?

Devloping Early Computers:
Alan Turing and his team created the first design of the Bombe, starting
their work in 1939. The bombe was an electro-mechanical designed to figure 
out the internal settings of the Enigma machine so they could decrypt
German messages. The device was made of many motors that when put together, 
used logical operations until it found what it needed. A bombe used a section
of known plaintext from encrypted messages to help it figure out the code.
Later designs improved the faults of Turing, but nonetheless he created
a computer in a world with none that existed. His intelligence and 
achievements progressed the world to the advanced point where we are now.

Pioneer for AI / Turing Test:

After the war, Alan Turing began to think more about computers and the
possible future of them. He wondered the ultimate question, about whether
or not computers could think? He developed the Turing Test, which was
a test designed to test whether or not a machine was capable of speaking
like a human. This is something that is still taught as a foundation 
of artifical intelligence. Alan Turing was always ahead, as he pondered
the possibility of a computer becoming human, we are now advancing artifical
Intelligence. 

6-8 Sentences:

Throughout Alan Turing's life he managed to have many amazing accomplishments. He originally had got a
degree in mathematics and then found a job as a codebreaker working for the British government. This is
where he got the idea for his machine that would eventually break the German enigma. The breaking of Enigma
gave the Allies a upperhand against the Axis which would save tens, hundreds of thousands, or more lives.
After his career working with the British government, he began designing many computers for different
companies. Eventually he began to be a pioneer for Artificial Intelligence as some of his work on it is still
studied today. 